Fix Jupyter Notebook demo instructions (#988)
tenzir/vast: examples/jupyter/README.md

data analytics, using the python bridge `pyvast`. Follow the instructions below
to setup a VAST instance with demo data and install dependencies.

## Scripted Demo

Run `./scripts/run-demo` to run the demo in a temporary directory. Note that
this requires the demo data to be downloaded, which might not be ideal for
development on the demo, but is practical for a quick demo setup.

> Arguments to this script are passed to the 'jupyter notebook' command. Run with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arguments to this script are passed to the `jupyter notebook` command. Run with
```

> ### Setup

Reviewer: You could mention that you need to be in `examples/jupyter` for this.

Author: This is the README of `examples/jupyter`.
